we will test something
days
or it's a market
night
days olala naked day / night jo
night at the whore joigny day night day
oh yes I forgot I wanted to tell you
the exchanged didot in fact it is
brand new
good ones
no it's true we do not see very well
so what am I going to do if you are
you show it from the day johan we see it
much better now two days
so he's not me this little guide to
1 solid slammed gold is not quite
at the bottom I do not know gold plated metal
no idea of po1
we do all that mans guys in
do all your teeth
well what is bigger than the old
so he should touch no I think
that I give you some explanations
compared to this new handlebar not ne
do not you think I was with my friend
to keep it anonymous we see calling
jean claude so I was with jean
claude and holds the camera and a small
little too geared on this cable the guy who
can distract in two seconds
jean-claude they manage very well the
wooding with his ktm 690 and he already had
made before 90 artists bowling
with my bike and there he wanted to try in
hell with mine of the blow me I
trust a no worry youtube asia
I pass him my bike
do not deny it makes some
he passes in front of me he turns around and
there he makes it jammed makes them one and
he could admit to passing him the second
but while watching him pass a report
except that apparently it worked very well
market since syrte fell into
big the bike not just twisted handlebars
and wrists and was wise enough so
and fix everything young with for 40
euros
it's okay it's cheap paid for
for the stupidity we did what because
that I can not actually six
once she knows she has only one word
low rate it's a mafia here above
I say yes to him to take to
do win tin you see the thing
george says yes go ahead take a little tour
games in a straight line there's no problem
you should I know it does not fall on
wanted there are risks and I say yes
still
but for that I can not blame him
because it's my fault what if
I said no but it will not break the
mouth and there he would have no finger
broken and not a sprained ankle
so I do not blame him
it pays 100 to vegas could debate in
comment will tell you did not have to lend them
the bike all you want from all
way what is done is done is
undeniable I like to talk like that
a young person is fit and the thing is
maybe feel like a
politician girl does not even know if that
means darker but not good
serious she feels the buoy girl
fucking bottom tube dog shit
Oh fuck
taking to the market password of
honeycomb market I drove two hours
no gratin but I'm going too fast
to scratch me born to tanger cut to
subcontractors